Update README.md (#4)
lnicola/systemd-zpool-scrub: README.md

    install -m 644 -o root -g root zpool-scrub@.timer /etc/systemd/system

    systemctl daemon-reload

>     for i in $(zpool list |grep -v NAME | awk '{print $1}') ; do systemctl enable --now zpool-scrub@$i.timer; done

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # enable for `tank`
    systemctl enable --now zpool-scrub@tank.timer

    # enable for every pool
    for p in $(zpool list -H | cut -f1); do systemctl enable --now zpool-scrub@$p.timer; done
```
